README.md, before:

# GameOff2019
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Anti%20996-blue.svg)](https://github.com/996icu/996.ICU/blob/master/LICENSE)

repo for our game for game off 2019([itch.io](https://itch.io/jam/game-off-2019))

# theme(copy from itch)

> Game Off is our annual game jam, where participants spend the month of November creating games based on a secret theme. 
>
>This year’s  theme is LEAPS AND BOUNDS.
>
>You’re welcome to interpret the theme however you wish, but if you need some ideas to kickstart your creativity, maybe your game could:
>
>* Make your character evolve to overcome challenges
>* Add obstacles to test your hero’s ability to leap into action
>* Deduct points for anything going out of bounds
>* Duck, dip, dive, and dodge an enemy that’s changing or moving rapidly
>* Take place in the year 2020, the next leap year
>* Maybe the year 2020 will lead you to think about hindsight being 20/20, and that’ll inspire even more ideas around time travel, decision-making, or something else. 
>
>Let your imagination run wild and create a game loosely-based or inspired by that theme using whatever game engines, libraries or languages you prefer before December 1st, 13:37 PT.
>
>Good luck and have fun!

# contributors
* nalleyer
* HubertSun7
* kleon

Commit message:

feat: 🎸 write about text, readme. delete useless resources

README.md, after:

# GameOff2019
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Anti%20996-blue.svg)](https://github.com/996icu/996.ICU/blob/master/LICENSE)

repo for our game for game off 2019([itch.io](https://itch.io/jam/game-off-2019))

# Theme(copy from itch)

> Game Off is our annual game jam, where participants spend the month of November creating games based on a secret theme. 
>
>This year’s  theme is LEAPS AND BOUNDS.
>
>You’re welcome to interpret the theme however you wish, but if you need some ideas to kickstart your creativity, maybe your game could:
>
>* Make your character evolve to overcome challenges
>* Add obstacles to test your hero’s ability to leap into action
>* Deduct points for anything going out of bounds
>* Duck, dip, dive, and dodge an enemy that’s changing or moving rapidly
>* Take place in the year 2020, the next leap year
>* Maybe the year 2020 will lead you to think about hindsight being 20/20, and that’ll inspire even more ideas around time travel, decision-making, or something else. 
>
>Let your imagination run wild and create a game loosely-based or inspired by that theme using whatever game engines, libraries or languages you prefer before December 1st, 13:37 PT.
>
>Good luck and have fun!

# About This Game

You are a ...

# Contributors
* nalleyer
* HubertSun7
* kleon

# Credits

## Music
[Dark Crisis](https://music.163.com/#/song?id=528480666)

## Sound
[from Adobe](https://offers.adobe.com/en/na/audition/offers/audition_dlc/AdobeAuditionDLCSFX.html)

## Fonts:
[Orbitron](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Orbitron)

[Raleway](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Raleway)

## Special Thanks

Thanks to [Gonkee's shader](https://github.com/Gonkee/Gonkees-Shaders) even if we finally deleted the shaders


Thanks to WG who always being in our wechat group and supporting us.
